cmd: update page (#7417)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/windows/cmd.md

> The Windows command interpreter.
> More information: <https://docs.microsoft.com/windows-server/administration/windows-commands/cmd>.

- Start a new instance of the command interpreter:
- Start an interactive shell session:

`cmd`

- Run the specified command and then exit:
- Execute a [c]ommand:

`cmd /c "{{command}}"`

- Run the specified command and then enter an interactive shell:
- Execute a script:

`cmd {{path/to/file.bat}}`

- Execute a command and then enter an interactive shell:

`cmd /k "{{command}}"`

- Disable the usage of `echo` in command output:
- Start an interactive shell session with disabled usage of `echo` in command output:

`cmd /q`

- Enable or disable command extensions:
- Start an interactive shell session with enabled or disabled command [e]xtensions:

`cmd /e:{{on|off}}`

- Enable or disable file or directory autocompletion:

`cmd /f:{{on|off}}`

- Enable or disable environment variable expansion:

`cmd /v:{{on|off}}`

- Force output to use Unicode encoding:

> `cmd /u`

Reviewer: Why to delete these examples, are they deprecated?

Author: I can return `cmd /u` example and `cmd /v:{{on|off}}`. But I don't know when disabling directory autocompletion can be useful. Also I have to note that phrase `Enable or disable environment variable expansion` is not almost correct: delayed expansion is toggled but not expansion at all. Sorry for deletion.

Reviewer: Fine, then I think `cmd /f` could be deleted. And the "delay" term should be mentioned in the description of `cmd /v`.

> The Windows command interpreter.
> More information: <https://docs.microsoft.com/windows-server/administration/windows-commands/cmd>.

- Start an interactive shell session:

`cmd`

- Execute a [c]ommand:

`cmd /c "{{command}}"`

- Execute a script:

`cmd {{path/to/file.bat}}`

- Execute a command and then enter an interactive shell:

`cmd /k "{{command}}"`

> - Start an interactive shell session with disabled usage of `echo` in command output:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Start an interactive shell session where `echo` is disabled in command output:
```

`cmd /q`

> - Start an interactive shell session with enabled or disabled delayed [v]ariable expansion:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Start an interactive shell session with delayed [v]ariable expansion enabled or disabled:
```

`cmd /v:{{on|off}}`

> - Start an interactive shell session with enabled or disabled command [e]xtensions:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Start an interactive shell session with command [e]xtensions enabled or disabled:
```
